Update es-connectors-sharepoint.md (#134004)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search-connectors/es-connectors-sharepoint.md

    * `collection1`
    * `collection1, collection2`

> If you need to parse the root from Share point, just use the url of your sharepoint server in `site`collections`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you need to parse the root from SharePoint, just use the url of your SharePoint Server in `site_collections`.
```

Reviewer: The removed empty line was needed, otherwise the rendering puts the text together with the previous bullet.

    * `collection1`
    * `collection1, collection2`

> If you need to parse the root from SharePoint, just use the URL of your SharePoint Server in `site_collections`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To index from the root of all site collections, simply specify your SharePoint server URL in the `site_collections` field.
```
